echo what is going on people and cordially
welcome end playback on start the
with another facebook a video
on main channel and yes you can quite
short to the gameplay in the background
runs and sees the background
a three minutes so three minutes 30
I believe exactly nuclear in the multi team
i have played team deathmatch
yesterday the gameplay plays with the
new planning with are beyond the
yesterday again four new camouflage for
42 came out and I have here
with those six days later on each one
case important here is gamal with stand
from one creates here in the state they four
of course I can see bulletproof
vest hardliner then still the perks
and in any case it is
Gameplay and yes in any case wanted
I in this short video for us
Do not have too much time again
because the video is just 31, and indeed
Wool was short video for a short time
speak to
the topic of hater and that's easy
so maybe we thigh on the plan
I do not know how many of mine
Subscribers on the small stalls
I have the most subscribe
or
and if you are so persecuted
Just in the next mega like me
more and more this as lex on the videos
It's nice and it's easy
There are just so many people
you just have to say that easy
have no life and all day only
from the pc sit any youtube
Accounts or so make it again
videos of us and dabble all this
can afford and so far so easy
I mean I do not want any now
certain names or to say there are
just two small and the German
community that simply I say now
bad in your clan the easy
lost at tb against roms and tb
now firmly on principle
because they just can not see it
can they stop playing in these
played worse like us
So that determines them generally as
but we have worse players
My why do I have to be out of principle
no objection so understand what
you there is just one course
Sour and son the horst is said to be
badly it was clearly one searches
then some excuses and server
I mean from principle then videos
dislike and in the comments year
such sons of bitches are all themselves
stifled and blablabla what i do
I honestly read my man
you can see that again the German
community simply and through
drawer is my friends without sport
it's just the German under the ground
community it's easy if you
lost one has lost is done
We also do not say if we have a zivi
For example, we also say lose
not yes you are ours just because we are
have lost out of the better
played and yes in the two zivis where
we just won against the two
lackluster stand rental we have better
played we have won it fits
finished off and that's why I understand it
Just not why you basically do this
is and in any case wanted
I appeal in this short video
this is just extreme donor finds
the people in any case rate
and do not forget to comment
there again come out again
more live comments next time to
next time
holder rows look